Where will it grow?
I, I, I was wrong.
I no longer dare to kidnap and sell children
Bullying the little girl, I was wrong, I was wrong
Hello President
I was wrong. I was wrong.
No, no.
Just a Zhongzhou neighbor
How dare you speak out
To give me the opportunity to rise to the sky in one step by the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
More nonsense
I am late, and the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce will remove Zhongzhou from the list within three days.
It's really interesting
Go here ah ah no no ah
President Nalan is the first person of Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
You are dying
Brother Analan Chang is here
Not only should I be grateful for my kindness
It will hand over tens of billions of contracts
Be obedient
I guarantee your family's prosperity for generations
Really?
Then I'll send you to the west
Sure enough, he is the first person in Zhongzhou
It really lives up to its reputation
Sit down and chat
Now I'll give you 10 minutes too.
If within 10 minutes
You can't make me change my mind
No 3 days 3 minutes
Temporary rent cancellation